hello everyone with you i'm the chef's food
finally this wonderful one
a tablet called nvidia
shield doused I know that many were waiting for him
very much and fortunately I have
the opportunity to test it and it is very
nice well i just waited a long time
There are some nuances of this moment .
which I really like it well,
Of course we will check all these nuances
first of all I want to tell you that
box despite the fact that she is but
hid here just opened
looked and well then there is something there
there is and
and shut down ie nothing at all there
never touched
it's like the first unpacking of this
tablet on the right side there is
some characteristics
but about them I certainly already in the review
directly tell and
let's look at directly myself
see even the tablet was closed incorrectly
box so here and nvidia shield doused
never see here that is all factory
all clearly looking at the equipment
picking this we go yusbi
microusb lanyard
This is so ordinary although it has such
Checks logo, in principle, it is also
used with the controller but for
charging and for the controller further this
documentation
Here is such a documentation principle all
it is clear and the adapter adapter is well with us
It can be difficult to say that's all this
we still have
officially this device is not for sale
so the adapter we have a plug other but
this is not a problem i have adapters
because I often test
device with but american forks
see everything is empty nothing else here
no regret controller goes separately
so you need to buy it and nvidia
shield drenched me the store
citrus and unfortunately but how would
they too have no controller yet but
Thank God for at least a tablet provided
it already pleases and we look at
the tablet itself
it's very interesting so how is she
here so it all opens very very
even so plump and take out the shell
tables hey
get somewhere he poured yet
now just got a look at the design and
ergonomics on the front of us go
front speakers on the right side
us stylus which we take out
pocket
shield we also have a stub for
if that was the chat version here
would put a sim card for miss micro sd
cards
volume control and power button
we have a connector on the top
mini-hdmi headphone jack microusb and
also still in with in buffer but
like a tiger in a new laptop that is something
which is on tegra 4
by the way from this side the same thing
there is for more bulk and massive
sound on the back
us the shield logo also has a camera without
flashes and basically everything below us
but some dimples are possible for some
docking stations
It is unlikely that it will charge as
there are no connectors but nevertheless they are
but also
also very well so well i think that
it makes sense the first time to run this
shild doused and run
we have it in a vertical version like this
looks pretty good in principle
soft touch reminds me a lot of nexus 7
Well, very straight straight all the same
glossy name shield now
The first download is loaded with us and
in principle let us run now and
so I already go to my account and not here
offer some services to look for times
references
from all this we give up almost
ready license agreement
look there are a number of additional
applications console mode wireless
controller and so on but about them we
let's talk video review on the first
impressions that tell you the tablet
really looks good
well assembled i mean i didn't notice
no nuances on the build quality and
Of course, it is good that in the shell tables
full hd screen which
Well, it will not be uncomfortable because everything
yet like a tiger geyser laptop which
I did a review
that is, in general, this game is those of those
who are still some father there
the tiger of the laptop was hd screen and this
Well, to put it mildly saddened me but
Happily in the table went here full hd
but my friends will have a screen
some days at least for his test
that is, I will test it of course
I will definitely take off a lot of different
there video and so on i have to you
a sentence that is you can for
that's who there 2 days even up to three days she
writes some questions and if it be
really but important questions that
need to be considered in the review I definitely them
I will consider and answer you these questions right in
the review therefore
write in the comments what you would like
see but only of course it is clear that
doable ie controller to
Unfortunately, I will not show you how to play
the controller
but for example such nuances as stream
such nuances as a computer run
the game on the tablet is basically all that
can do
shield tablet I think we are because
testing and of course well I think it will
sense to make a comparison of this tablet
that is, shell tables and
xiaomi mi pad because here is the same
most tegra k1
but be a little with others there is an example
soft buns true features of the
there is it in another this tablet and about it we
also separately but we can do it
say comparison and do not know write to
Does it make sense to make a comparison?
for example with some ipad to
samsung's example at ps maybe there
meaning, that is, please also write in
comments and I read everything but maybe
I will not answer everything for exactly what I read
thank you for watching this
unpacking it was and nvidia shield
doused unpacking this wonderful
interesting gaming tablet even
You see, there is an inscription for Ultimate
blackford gamer i.e. it is already possible
say the tablet era for gamers and about
this, we also discuss in
separate video see you soon
new videos subscribe to the channel
Like and watch others
interesting videos on the channel and about
questions do not forget everything yet
and subscribe to the page
social networks vkontakte group and
instagram and twitter